README.md, before:

# Weird Branch Names Repository
Welcome to the Weird Branch Names Repository! This repository is dedicated to hosting a collection of weird and unusual branch names for you to test and play with. Whether you're looking to test your Git skills, in a need for strange branch names for testing, or just someone who loves quirky names, this repo is for you!

## Why Weird Branch Names?
- Testing Git Commands: Challenge yourself with unusual branch names.
- Improve QA Processes: Use odd branch names to test edge cases.
- Fun and Learning: Enjoy the creativity and learn more about Git.

## Features
- Variety of Names: From the utterly bizarre to the creatively funny.
- Real-world Scenarios: Test how different tools handle odd branch names.
- Community Contributions: Submit your own weird branch names and see them featured!


## Getting Started
To get started with the weird branch names, clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/roeibh/weird-branch-names.git
```
Then, explore the branches:
```bash
git branch -a
```

## How to Use
- Clone the Repository: Get the code on your local machine.
- Checkout a Weird Branch: Test your Git commands with these names.

## Examples of Weird Branch Names
- combining-diacritical-marks-a̐̈ë̞̃ı̇́ö̂ű̃
- fullwidth-ｆｕｌｌ　ｗｉｄｔｈ
- superscript-ˢᵘᵖᵉʳˢᶜʳⁱᵖᵗ

Commit message:

doc: branch suggestion in README

README.md, after:

# Weird Branch Names Repository
Welcome to the Weird Branch Names Repository! This repository is dedicated to hosting a collection of weird and unusual branch names for you to test and play with. Whether you're looking to test your Git skills, in a need for strange branch names for testing, or just someone who loves quirky names, this repo is for you!

## Why Weird Branch Names?
- Testing Git Commands: Challenge yourself with unusual branch names.
- Improve QA Processes: Use odd branch names to test edge cases.
- Fun and Learning: Enjoy the creativity and learn more about Git.

## Features
- Variety of Names: From the utterly bizarre to the creatively funny.
- Real-world Scenarios: Test how different tools handle odd branch names.
- Community Contributions: Submit your own weird branch names and see them featured!

## Getting Started
To get started with the weird branch names, clone this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/roeibh/weird-branch-names.git
```
Then, explore the branches:
```bash
git branch -a
```

## How to Use
- Clone the Repository: Get the code on your local machine.
- Checkout a Weird Branch: Test your Git commands with these names.

## Suggest Your Own Quirky Branches!
Have an idea for an unusual, bizarre, or technically challenging branch name? We'd love to add it to our collection!

**Simply open a new issue with your suggestion and include your proposed branch name**
Try to push the boundaries as much as possible!

## Examples of Weird Branch Names
- combining-diacritical-marks-a̐̈ë̞̃ı̇́ö̂ű̃
- fullwidth-ｆｕｌｌ　ｗｉｄｔｈ
- superscript-ˢᵘᵖᵉʳˢᶜʳⁱᵖᵗ
